# EVCS_Demand_Supply_Prediction_and_Network_Planning

Xiangyong Luo, Michael J. Kuby, Yudai Honma, Mouna Kchaou-Boujelben, Xuesong (Simon) Zhou (Corresponding Author)


# ABSTRACT

[This paper offers a strategic approach to Electric
Vehicle (EV) charging network planning, emphasizing the integration of demand
and supply dynamics via continuous-time fluid queue models and discrete flow
refueling location modeling, all in the context of innovation diffusion
principles. We employ a continuous-time approximation based on Ordinary
Differential Equations (ODEs) to design multi-year supply curves, a method that
stands in contrast to conventional practices which often overlook inter-year
transitions and ongoing processes. For short-term planning, we utilize a flow
refueling location model (FRLM) within grid-based multi-level networks,
considering both multiple-path networks and capacity constraints. We utilize a
space-time network model using an enhanced column generation framework, which
translates driving paths into EV charging paths, thereby enabling multiple
deployments across cities. Our investigation into overutilization and
underutilization scenarios delivers valuable insights for policymaking and
cost-benefit analyses. Illustrating our approach with the example of the
Chicago sketch network, we introduce an integrated demand-supply model suitable
for a single region and extendable to multiple regions, thereby addressing a
gap in the existing literature. Our proposed methodology empowers strategic
resource planning for EV charging networks over extended timeframes, thus
aiding the transition towards a more sustainable and efficient transportation
system.]()

**Keywords:** Innovation diffusion; Resource planning;
Network design; Integrated demand and supply model; Continuous-time
approximation; Ordinary Differential Equations (ODEs); Space-time network
model; FRLM
